[color-slider] Add info about slots and parts to the docs (#52)
color-js/elements: src/color-slider/README.md

## Reference

### Slots

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|

> | (default) | The color slider's main content. By default, it is placed after the slider. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _(default)_ | The color slider's main content. By default, it is placed after the slider. |
```

Reviewer: I don't understand what this means. What main content?

> | `tooltip` | An element used as a tooltip. |

Reviewer: Wat? I thought this was about the format of the tooltip.

| `valuechange` | Fired when the value changes for any reason, and once during initialization. |
| `colorchange` | Fired when the color changes for any reason, and once during initialization. |

### Parts

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `slider` | The internal `<input type="range">` element. |

> | `spinner` | The internal `<input type="number">` element inside the `tooltip` slot. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spinner` | The default `tooltip` slot content (an `<input type="number">` element). Please note that if an element is slotted in the `tooltip` slot, this will not match anyhing. |
```
